README.md, before:

# BootstrapDemo

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 10.0.7.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Include presentation and aditional details

README.md, after:

# Bootstrap Grid Overview

## Demo

- Site: [Boostrap Grid Overview](https://robertosequeira.github.io/bootstrap-grid-overview)
- Presentation: [Boostrap Grid.pdf](00.%20Presentation/Bootstrap%20Grid.pdf)
- Code: [Components](src/app)

## Reference

### Bootstrap

- [Containers](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/layout/overview/#containers)
- [Media queries](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/layout/overview/#responsive-breakpoints)
- [Grid](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.5/layout/grid/)
- [Flexbox](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.5/utilities/flex/)

### CSS-Tricks

- [A Complete Guide to Flexbox](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/) **(Must read)**

# Development

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Build for Github Pages

Run `npm run build:gh-pages` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `docs/` directory.
